TensorRT 9.0 EA Release (#3191)
NVIDIA/TensorRT: demo/NeMo/README.md

# TensorRT FP8 Inference for NeMo models
This repository demonstrates TensorRT inference with NeMo Megatron models in FP8/FP16/BF16 precision.

Currently, this repository supports [NeMo GPT](https://huggingface.co/nvidia/nemo-megatron-gpt-5B) models only.

# Environment Setup

> It's recommended to run inside a container to avoid conflicts when installing dependencies. Please check out [NGC TensorRT](https://catalog.ngc.nvidia.com/orgs/nvidia/containers/tensorrt/tags) and find a container with TensorRT 9.0 or above. A GPU with compute capability 8.9 or above is required to run the demo with FP8 precision.

Reviewer: @rajeevsrao I just realized that NGC TensorRT container won't have TRT 9.0 installed at the time this NeMo demo releases, so users need to build a container from Dockerfile following https://github.com/NVIDIA/TensorRT#setting-up-the-build-environment. Please correct me if I'm wrong. 
```suggestion
It's recommended to run inside a container to avoid conflicts when installing dependencies. Please prepare an Ubuntu container with TensorRT 9.0 or above installed. A GPU with compute capability 8.9 or above is required to run the demo with FP8 precision.
```

> It's recommended to run inside a container to avoid conflicts when installing dependencies. Please check out [`NGC TensorRT`](https://catalog.ngc.nvidia.com/orgs/nvidia/containers/tensorrt/tags) and find a container with TensorRT 9.0 or above. A GPU with compute capability 8.9 or above is required to run the demo with FP8 precision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's recommended to run inside a container to avoid conflicts when installing dependencies. Please check out [NGC TensorRT](https://catalog.ngc.nvidia.com/orgs/nvidia/containers/tensorrt/tags) and find a container with TensorRT 9.0 or above. A GPU with compute capability 8.9 or above is required to run the demo with FP8 precision.
```

The `accuracy` action will run accuracy check on a dataset. Default is to use [LAMBADA](https://paperswithcode.com/dataset/lambada) dataset.
```
python3 run.py accuracy GPT3 <frameworks|trt> --variant gpt-5b --working-dir $(pwd)/temp --fp8 --bf16 --nemo-model=<model_fp8_bf16.nemo> --use-cache
```

Expected output for `trt`:
```
***************************
Lambada ppl(last token): 4.4756, ppl(sequence): 18.3254, acc(top1): 0.6722, acc(top3): 0.8597, acc(top5): 0.9076
***************************
```

Expected output for `frameworks`:
```
***************************
Lambada ppl(last token): 4.4669, ppl(sequence): 18.3161, acc(top1): 0.6765, acc(top3): 0.8612, acc(top5): 0.9082
***************************
```

# How to export a NeMo model to ONNX
NeMo to ONNX conversion consists of 3 steps:
1. Export ONNX from NeMo.
2. NeMo uses TransformerEngine to export FP8 models to ONNX (step 1) and the exported ONNX has custom TensorRT Q/DQ nodes. Script `convert_te_onnx_to_trt_onnx.py` can be used to convert the custom operators into standard opset19 ONNX Q/DQ nodes.
3. Add KV-cache inputs and outputs to the exported ONNX, so it is faster when performing inference on the model.

> `nemo_export.py` has `--opset19` and `--use_cache` option to decide whether to perform step 2. and step 3., respectively:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`nemo_export.py` has `--opset19` and `--use-cache` option to decide whether to perform step 2. and step 3., respectively:
```

```

> python3 nemo_export.py --nemo-model=model.nemo --onnx=onnx/model.onnx --opset19 --use_cache

Reviewer: ```suggestion
python3 nemo_export.py --nemo-model=model.nemo --onnx=onnx/model.onnx --opset19 --use-cache
```
